Johnny's picks out the nest among the
foliage but there's no bird there
[Music]
No there she is the bird we've traveled
all this distance to see and a sight
very few people have ever seen well
that's better than I thought we'd get
from here Johnny I have to say that's
pretty good that's nice to see a bird
you know yeah what we're looking at here
is probably the biggest eagle in the
world
wingspan 2.1 meters that's like if I was
to stand up and then hold my hand up in
the air about be about that long and she
is magnificent well it's cost us several
bucket loads of sweat each but finally
we've got our view of the harpy eagle
this is something I honestly never
thought I'd ever get a chance to see the
most powerful one of the largest birds
in the whole world and also one of the
rarest people spend their whole lives in
these forests and never get a glimpse
like we're seeing now and there she is
stood up there in the nest with possibly
chicks possibly eggs but whatever hope
for the future of harpy eagles I reckon
this magnificent bird has got to go on a
deadly 60